Update docs with no-alpha commands (#2498)
kyma-project/cli: README.md

# Kyma CLI

> [!WARNING]

> > The Kyma CLI version `v2`, with all commands available within this version, is deprecated. Please start using commands available as part of `v3` and please contribute with usecase ideas and general feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Kyma CLI version `v2`, with all commands available within this version, is deprecated. Use the commands available as part of `v3` and contribute with use case ideas and general feedback.
```
